I'm really hoping Lyra and Mickey will
have returned
and we're in luck
our family is back but Lyra's behavior
is different Sintra snitch is coming
towards us
she goes
okay Lima is
a little bit closer this is when I start
getting nervous just a bit
and I can see that you're smelling there
and I'm just a little bit worried that
it's the smell that's coming from me
that's holding it attention this is not
a bear that at all scared there's severe
that's figuring out what's going on
whether there is an opportunity to feet
here
we're completely downwind so Nick is
getting quite a good scent of us here
lyre has always actually moved away from
us and kept a personal distance and
right at the moment it's the first time
in the last year of being with her that
she's actually turned around and come
towards us and her it's her body
movement and their stance that worries
me a little bit when she's tense
she basically puts a front paws forward
and builds up a stance it's like a
spring ready to take off you know when
they come at you they the initial speed
is incredibly fast this is the first
time I felt threatened by Lyra she drop
everything you drop the monitor you drop
the camera
Jason is he safe there just grab one
more shot of liar I don't like it okay
should we move back then - sure if you
don't like that I'd rather move back now
please
[Music]
Gordon okay
right lighter that close enough for now
despite the fact that she hasn't been
aggressive towards as at all they may
welcome a point where she views me
differently she sees me things possibly
this is something like Annie maybe this
is my next meal
we may be safe but I'm so worried about
Lyra and Mickey
[Music]
you